User Management Dashboard in Django
Overview
This project provides a modern user management system built with Django, featuring a decorative resume-style dashboard with dynamic educational management and other profile functionalities. It allows users to view and update their personal details, manage multiple degrees, and explore a list of all registered users with individual user detail views.

Features
1. User Authentication
Login, Logout, and Registration functionality.
User dashboard accessible only after logging in.
Profile picture upload and secure session management.
2. Resume-Style Dashboard
Decorative dashboard design with a gradient background and styled elements.
Display of personal information (name, email, phone number, date of birth).
Dynamic education management:
Add multiple education entries (Board/University, Degree, Percentage, Year).
Real-time addition and deletion of education rows using JavaScript.
3. Users List and User Detail Pages
View all registered users in a table with clickable names.
User detail pages showing individual profiles with essential details.
Technologies Used
Django 5.0.6: Backend framework for authentication and data management.
Bootstrap 5: Frontend framework for responsive and modern UI design.
JavaScript: For dynamic education management on the dashboard.
SQLite: Default database for local development.
HTML/CSS: For layout and styling.
How to Run the Project
Clone the Repository:

bash
Copy code
git clone https://github.com/your-username/divyanshu.git
cd divyanshu
Create a Virtual Environment:

bash
Copy code
python -m venv venv
source venv/bin/activate  # For Linux/macOS
venv\Scripts\activate  # For Windows
Install Dependencies:

bash
Copy code
pip install -r requirements.txt
Apply Database Migrations:

bash
Copy code
python manage.py makemigrations users
python manage.py migrate
Run the Server:

bash
Copy code
python manage.py runserver
Access the Application: Open a browser and visit:

arduino
Copy code
http://127.0.0.1:8000/
Future Enhancements
Email verification for user registration.
Password reset feature for forgotten passwords.
Two-factor authentication for added security.
Dark mode toggle for enhanced user experience.
